c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\obj\Debug\LiftAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\LiftAPI.dll.config
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\LiftAPI.dll
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\LiftAPI.pdb
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\obj\Debug\LiftAPI.dll
c:\users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\obj\Debug\LiftAPI.pdb
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\APIModels.dll
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\RepositoryService.dll
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Repository.dll
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Domain.dll
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\APIModels.pdb
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\RepositoryService.pdb
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Repository.pdb
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Domain.pdb
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\IoC.dll
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\IoC.pdb
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\vwilson\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LiftAPI\LiftAPI\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
